Added a description about disconnect notification during listening (#89540)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-hub/iot-hub-node-node-file-upload.md

      }
    });
    ```
    > [!NOTE]

>     > If you want to receive disconnet notification while you are listening file upload notification, you need to register `'error'` by using `receiver.on`. In order to continue receive file upload notification, you need to reconect IoT Hub by using `serviceClient.open` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If you want to receive disconnect notifications while you are listening to file upload notifications, you need to register `'error'` by using `receiver.on`. In order to continue to receive file upload notifications, you need to reconnect to IoT Hub by using the `serviceClient.open` method.
```
